Memoization strategy (#539)
Shopify/ruby-style-guide: README.md

    do_something
  end
  ~~~
  
## Memoization

> * Prefer `return @x if defined?(@x)` over a simple `||=`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prefer `return @x if defined?(@x)` over `||=` if the statement being memoized can evaluate to `nil` or `false`.
```

Reviewer: Frankly, everything around memoization requires nuance, because memoization is caching and cache invalidation is one of the Two Hard Problems[^1]. I think your addition is a good detail to include in our style guide to reduce the chance someone mindlessly repeats the rose memoization pattern. But it would also be suboptimal for someone to mindlessly repeat `return @x if defined?(@x)`.

[^1]: along with naming things and off-by-one errors, famously

I don't support _forbidding_ rose memoization, so I'll advocate for the nuance in our discussion of it.

---

On a similar note, a section on Memoization might also include a note about memoizing a method that takes arguments.

```
# Bad. A stale value can be returned when a different argument is passed for subsequent calls
def expensive_result(input)
  @expensive_result ||= ExpensiveResult.calculate(input)
end

# Better. Recalculates when a different argument is passed.
# Consider using an LRU or not memoizing at all if the argument cardinality
# is high or the object is long-lived.
def expensive_result(input)
  @expensive_results ||= {}
  @expensive_results[input] ||= ExpensiveResult.calculate(input)
end
```

~~~ ruby

> # bad - if @merchant is assigned a falsy value (`nil`, `false`, `0`, etc) and is called N times, the query will also run N times

Reviewer 2: Only `nil` and `false` are falsy in Ruby:

```suggestion
# bad - if @merchant is assigned a falsy value (`nil` or `false`) and is called N times, the query will also run N times
```

def merchant
  @merchant ||= Merchant.find_by(id: merchant_id)
end

# good - A single query, even when @merchant is nil
def merchant
  return @merchant if defined?(@merchant)
  

>   @merchant ||= Merchant.find_by(id: merchant_id)

Author: Agreed :+1:
